hey guys how's it going
I got another box of pennies here to
look through another $25 and pennies
will write down what we get as we go and
it was looking through just the enders
and see where it's at right there see
that wheat penny ender right on the end
so I'll probably open that up first and
I'll show you what it is when I find out
all right guys just opened up that roll
here's the sweet that was on the end and
it is a 1944 s okay great first start
alright guys we got our second week
three rolls in right here it's a 1950 70
okay just a couple rolls later then we
got our next week right here let's take
a look at it this is a 19 let's see
1953 d okay and I have a feeling that
there's gonna be quite a few in this box
so I probably want you all of them maybe
just the better finds but I'll get back
if you two then all right guys I wanted
to take well you take a look at this
completely corroded out penny it's
pretty gross that's all kinds of stuff
going on and then I look up and see if I
can find it yeah we've got another week
a little bit rougher shape but it is a
1958 D okay okay guys so I just cracked
up and what looks like an uncirculated
roll of 2014 except for is just really
odd that one there and then this new
where zinc one and then a 1961 so it's
just weird like these are all completely
uncirculated you can tell except for
three old ones in the mix so that was
kind of interesting and I'll definitely
keep those aside
okay we got two rolls left in there and
I found a couple weeks in between but I
wanted to show you this one
it's kind of cool red look to it turn
around see what the data is 1945 there
you go
okay we're here for the wrap-up so let's
see here are the end of the pennies
those are the 60 is the 70s and the 80s
actually put them in that box to save
some space I thought it was a good idea
to do that but I got done with all the
pennies those are the nice zinc ones
some nice copper ones over there in the
corner but let's see those are the
2009's I think I got 20 2009 pennies a
couple 82 zinc's that I set aside I
would say I think one pretty obvious
offset and then one Canadian for
estimate marks there 159 and let's take
a look at the weeds I got quite a few
this time I'll go through them quickly
42 44 244 these oh sorry 44 s's three
about 45 46 47 D with some corrosion hey
48 c f 51 D 50 2d 53 and yeah 50 3d
couple 57 DS a 58 and a 58 D so that's a
total of 18 weeks let's take a look at
the sheet right here percentage of box
copper 21 percent best roll had 18 in it
an average parole was 11 copper pennies
and I think I showed you the rest of
that so overall it was a it was a pretty
good box it is enjoyable to do like I
said I got an uncirculated role of let's
see the 2014 there just a couple missing
but almost full roll of that so I think
he is for watching and happy hunting